I always feel like I should frisk you to
make sure you didn't bring anybody stop
it with that's a bad habit I'm trying to
kick yeah you've been in France with I
have I don't want to some with the one
who will not be named Matt and I are
doing a movie in France with Adam driver
and Jody comer who are amazing and
they're terrific yes that Matt and I
wrote with Nicole center so it's it's
exciting it's a drama at the tenseness
historical and oh yeah had to write it
with him - I did oh god
you know I how long have you known Matt
Damon
almost 40 years almost 40 years and I'm
32 and in all those years of all the
many many things stupid things he said
what's the dumbest thing you've ever see
he's ever done in your presence oh good
- how many cubic feet of waters in the
ocean he wouldn't know I know that you
know you know he's he's a good guy in my
opinion and yeah but there was a there's
a moment that stands out oh good okay
great that's a big should I lay down for
this let me down but my pants I knew
Matt we met when I was eight so we're 39
years and or - yeah I'm 47 anyway um and
I say he was ten issues a little yeah he
was a lot bigger than me
he was always quite a bit bigger than me
because you know two years is a big deal
when you're right and we knew we lived
down the street for each other we see
show the park and stuff but he was kind
of one of the older bigger kids and but
then I got like this job on again I got
a job on TV like a PBS cheesy an
educational show for kids which I
thought was kind of lame but it was
enough to make Matt like boil with him
oh really
just like bird so he was he was an actor
boy actor
okay he took it very seriously and then
when we got to high school that's a
public high school in Cambridge and I
went out for the fall play I want to
audition for the play and I saw Matt
there uh-huh
and he can I'd me yeah and so were you
like a freshman I was a freshman I was
probably six cents or smaller than him
okay oh yeah and because he was two
inches taller than he is now I swear to
god that's a true story he walked up to
me he said let me give you a vice said
okay great thank you goes this isn't TV
where do you get by on your looks and
your haircut this is about talent this
is the theater turned around and walked
away
stone cold he was the Laurence Olivier
you know Cambridge Rindge and Latin
public high school drama program just
out of curiosity how much theater did
Laurence Olivier wind up doing over
after high school well it's been 30 year
uh one play Wow I knew I was right about
him the whole time by the way another
fellow Bostonian Mark Wahlberg was here
last me and he seems to think that he
when it comes to Tom Brady's favorite
like actor pal that he is number one on
the list I think that he did say that
yeah I've never felt competitive but
mark before but but yeah yes so that's
interesting yeah maybe is yeah I don't
want to step on any toes I met Tom not
to brag
and here that you know he replaced your
blood so and I was actually at this
random like though this is when I
thought things like this were fun the
White House Correspondents Dinner yes
and I went and I went to a party and I
saw him and they just won the Superbowl
whatever and you know and of course he
was like 22 or ten I was 27 or something
so I was like older than him yeah and
and I was like how my god man you know
like so great to meet you dude you're
like the king of Boston in the Eurozone
way you're the king of Boston you were
smitten with the darks of the internet
side of the bleep Sun when you see
there's not there's not a lot you
wouldn't do for Tommy yeah and you call
him Tommy and you say that like I mean
what have you said like I love us choose
to live together either like let's what
you know I mean if it's warm up is you
wear this because I do every time his
name comes up I do
I ate lap because you almost blush and
you become like a child like is it only
hand the cup to so much that it makes me
feel like I'm taking and it makes it
really a bet it does also like I think
the last time you were here you brought
pictures of your son's room and your son
who is how old now well I said 8 8 years
old you've you've built this demented a
shrine to Tom Brady and in your son's
room in the Patriots room and I was
wondering if your son is still is he
still like does he want this stuff I
think you had like a rug made on at Toms
body hair or something like that
it was yes I did I did those things yeah
and I would have done a remodel if I
knew what team to put out there but I'm
hoping to stick with the one we got Yeah
right you know but but well you know you
are about a half an hour ago Tom said
he's playing he's going to Tennessee
will you stick so he said he's not going
to Tennessee uh tom has told me
personally I don't know what he said to
mark but he told me where he's going he
has so he called me said don't tell
Walberg so he is going somewhere that I
might be going back to Foxborough yeah I
think tom is now deleting your phone
number from his contact
I used he gave me his number at the
White House press correspondence thing
back when the you had those like we you
know like you fold over blackberry rim
right and then he ran those phones
through a wood chipper I think right
didn't he I was like I tech I remember I
would watch the game and then text him
the great Pat fourth and one you guys
went for it that was really great and
one time I was like text to him and the
game was over and then like you have two
Oscars this is ridiculous
this is ridiculous so you're my son
oh yeah your son no going yeah yeah well
it was an interesting thing because I
I've been doing this movement Francis I
said mm-hmm and but like one of the
things that is really important to me is
that you know I'm in a split you know
I'm an odorous dad I get certainly you
know half the time of my son and I
really it was his birthday state's
birthday oh so I said to them like I'll
do whatever the schedule needs but like
27 I got to be in LA so you know they
set it up where it's kind of shooting
right up till the 27th on I had to
scramble and drive and ruin we could
play in a boom and land and and I was
only in right in time for his for his
birthday and we had this present setup
and everything was getting shaped and
sent I was gonna pick it up and go to
his surprise party and so I got really
you know and and I got my son
my son knows that I do movies that are
kind of fake and his mom does movies and
that's all pretend but he also knows
that Star Wars is real there's guys out
there fighting the Emperor and I like
that job needs to get done and I can do
my fake you know some people can do an
important job so I told him like I'm
actually in this movie with kylo Ren oh
right and his mind like opened in to
[Laughter]
Adam and he you sweetheart nice and I
said would you tape like a birthday
video to my son and he did it was very
kind and I was I was just thrilled and I
was on my way Koff the airport scramble
to the airport given the thing brother
your partner fly from London all the way
to LA it's 11 hours whatever land it's a
little delayed I'm running gun I got to
stop by my house and then we're gonna go
to a surprise party I get to my house
and you see the look on the face of a
guy works with me and he was like I said
where the presents and he was like they
didn't get here oh so I had to show up
too you know my son's party with little
peasant with no gift yeah that's bad and
it was like
the surf sinking awful feeling you know
and and then he goes but there is
something I saw what he said well Adam
didn't heard you say was your son's
birthday and so he called your system
he got your address and sent some
presents and signed a card and a picture
of him kylo Ren ooh and I took those
presents watch them open all the
presents and I said sim my presence
didn't get here on time he said but I
did get a present from somebody who
really wanted to make sure you had a
gift he was like who I said kylo Ren and
they took I T opened the presents I
played him the video of kylo Ren and me
and it was like you know what's better
it was that red ibly moving and powerful
moment yeah yeah Adam made me a hero to
my kid and I will never how do you
recruit them how do you repay that
I know this kind of modern saccharine
sentiment doesn't fit with the whole
Museum of your show it's a really good
lesson doing those small gestures of
kindness because you have no idea I mean
forever he said yes and those the toy
the kylo Ren doll and the tyrunt and
they go and the kylo Ren thing and a
little picture of Tyler and sign back
government and it would it meant the I
hope that you get that same thing from
Tom Brady next time you see he is your
kylo right ben affleck the series movies
called the way back we'll be right back
come on let's go we got 15 seconds left
we're gonna go on eight gives us time
for a rebound or a tip Brandon 20 is
gonna pick you up full court alright
freeze you're gonna come up and set a
ball screen for Brandon Brandon you roll
around to the right Garcia come up set
her back screen for Kenny Kenny come out
to the wing for the three now we got
three options Brandon attacking right
we'll look for fries coming off the
screen if neither those are there go to
Kenny for the three in the corner you
got this okay no don't just not I want
to hear your voice yes or no yes comes
that is Ben Affleck
you know what it's funny because we had
the screening of the movie here and some
of the people are like oh it's gonna be
one of those basketball movies where we
know what happens but well first of all
it's a great movie and you are a fan I
think it's you maybe your best
performance oh okay all the movies we
actually yeah you do for once run the
same guy who's who is we start the movie
and you geez guys falling on obviously
hard times he's really struggling he's
drinking a case of beer every day he
works construction he's got kind of a
dingy house separated from his wife he's
obviously in pain I kind of slowly
discover what the source of that is what
happened to him and why he kind of ended
up that way but he gets offered a chance
he was a high school basketball star and
then kind of washed out a little bit and
didn't really nothin make you know made
nothing of that and they offer him to go
back and coach his old high school team
which has also fallen on hard times
there 109 you know and and so yeah it
feels a little bit like it could be the
the cheesy predictable sports movie
trope yes a thing and it no it's really
not it's about it's about how he kind of
reengage 'as in his life and what he
gets from these young guys and it's
about you know grief and you know and
but it really is about like it's an
inspiring cathartic movie about like you
know you're gonna have really painful
difficult things happen in life that's
just part of life and you know what
matters is not that but like how you get
past it how you deal with that how you
overcome that and the script was really
smart it didn't set it up in an easy way
it doesn't pull any punches in terms of
the kind of really awful things that can
happen to you no fault of your own and
to family members and stuff but also
it's like doesn't pull any punches and
kind of be saying like it gets better
you can get better
you know and I love it's a beautiful
story the guys who played the ball
players are amazing yeah those kids were
great was that cathartic for you going
through that same thing being able to
play basketball with these kids or coach
them and it really was I mean I reminded
me of you know when I first started out
I did this movie school ties I had like
nine lines I was an extra yeah I know
yeah
and and it was like I loved it I loved
being part of that left showing up I
love that look I'm on camera
way in the back out of focus uh and then
these young men were so kind of
dedicated and intuitive made it so real
and so good at like it's just I love to
come into work every day and I knew I
had to kind of like form a real
relationship with these guys and get
them to trust me and not just be oh well
I've done these movies so you're
supposed to respect me you know but
really earn their trust and respect you
know huh it was wonderful they were
lovely it was a joy every day it's the
kind of movie I really want to keep it's
terrific it really is great and you're
fantastic in it I want to ask you about
one other thing sure I got this magazine
today sitting on my desk now this is the
movie you guys are shooting over there
yes yeah and what's the movie that's
there's Matt he's in his somebody has on
a costume or no that's just what he
dresses some kind of drama and that he
plays a knight and then I have a
photograph of you from the set as well
that's I play a French count and Adam
and Matt are kind of competing to be in
my good graces and I'm gonna decide who
gets more land or whatever it's about
this well
Adam for sure yeah I mean yeah I do the
Rings
apparently the nobility were quite fond
of jewelry they like the early rap stars
is that right be honest are you guys
making a Siegfried and Roy biopic is
that what's going on here
this is more if you are I hope he gets
eaten by the tiger that's a lot
don't worry he's in France we'll never
see him again
Ben Affleck go see his movies go boy I
am Jimmy Kimmel click below to subscribe
to our YouTube channel or if you want to
be that way about it don't